Now before we dive into the problems this can bring,
let's first dive into an alternative methods syntax which you can also use.
This is one way of defining a method, a shorter way is to remove the function keyword, remove the colon
and add the parentheses right after this property name. So you no longer have a traditional key-value
pair here with a colon
but instead you have this syntax.
Side note, if you would use an arrow function here, well then you need to remove that arrow as well.
So this is now just a different shorthand for adding a method to an object. Behind the scenes, it's actually
not exactly the same as this here but for the moment, we can ignore this, I will come back to this in
a later module because it's a bit more advanced and it simply doesn't matter for the moment.
So this is now a method and it behaves just as before,
if we save that and reload and quickly enter Javascript level 5 or whatever you want, you see that
works.
So that's a shorter method syntax which I will now use.